🧠 Starting an agent with main_model=anonymized, planner_model=anonymized, extraction_model=anonymized
🚀 Starting task: Please tell me the history of the great wall of China 
📍 Step 1
🤷 Eval: Unknown
🧠 Memory: Starting the task to find the history of the Great Wall of China. 0/1 website analyzed.
🎯 Next goal: Search Google for information on the history of the Great Wall of China.
🛠️  Action 1/1: {"search_google":{"query":"history of the Great Wall of China"}}
🔍  Searched for "history of the Great Wall of China" in Google
📍 Step 2
👍 Eval: Success - I successfully searched Google for the history of the Great Wall of China.
🧠 Memory: Started the task to find the history of the Great Wall of China. Searched Google. Now reviewing the search results. 0/1 website analyzed.
🎯 Next goal: Click on the Wikipedia link about the history of the Great Wall of China to gather information.
🛠️  Action 1/1: {"click_element_by_index":{"index":52}}
🖱️  Clicked button with index 52: History of the Great Wall of China
📍 Step 3
👍 Eval: Success - I successfully navigated to the Wikipedia page about the History of the Great Wall of China.
🧠 Memory: Started the task to find the history of the Great Wall of China. Searched Google and clicked on the Wikipedia link. Currently on the Wikipedia page. 0/1 website analyzed.
🎯 Next goal: Extract the history of the Great Wall of China from the current Wikipedia page.
🛠️  Action 1/1: {"extract_content":{"goal":"Summarize the history of the Great Wall of China based on the content of this page.","should_strip_link_urls":true}}
📄  Extracted from page
: ```json
{
  "summary": "The history of the Great Wall of China spans millennia, beginning with fortifications built by various states during the Spring and Autumn (771–476 BC) and Warring States (475–221 BC) periods. These early walls, often made of rammed earth or stone, were erected by states like Qi, Wei, Yan, Zhao, and Qin primarily for defense against neighboring states and northern nomadic groups. The geographical contrast between agricultural China and the pastoral steppes of Inner Asia drove this long-standing conflict.\n\nThe first emperor, Qin Shi Huang (Qin dynasty, 221–206 BC), connected many of these existing northern walls after unifying China, using massive forced labor, to defend against the Xiongnu nomads. The Han dynasty (206 BC–220 AD) initially used the Wall as a border in peace treaties but later, under Emperor Wu, extended fortifications significantly westward into the Hexi Corridor to protect the Silk Road, often using tamped earth.\n\nWall-building continued sporadically during the Period of Disunity and under dynasties like the Northern Wei, Northern Qi, and Sui, who constructed extensive defenses against threats such as the Rouran and Göktürks, mobilizing vast numbers of laborers, sometimes at immense human cost. Conversely, the Tang dynasty (618–907) largely eschewed wall-building, favoring offensive military strategies and diplomacy.\n\nThe succeeding Liao, Western Xia, and Jin dynasties (non-Han Chinese dynasties ruling the north from 907–1234) also built extensive wall systems. The Jin dynasty's walls were particularly sophisticated, featuring moats and advanced towers. The Mongol Yuan dynasty (1271–1368), having conquered China partly by circumventing walls, did not undertake major wall construction.\n\nThe most extensive building phase occurred during the Ming dynasty (1368–1644). Reacting to Mongol threats, particularly after the Tumu Crisis of 1449, the Ming constructed the massive stone and brick fortifications widely recognized as the Great Wall today. Key sections were built in the Ordos, along the Xuanfu-Datong line, and heavily reinforcing the approaches to Beijing, incorporating advanced features like hollow watchtowers. Despite its scale, the Wall failed to prevent the Manchus from taking power in 1644, as they entered through treacherously opened gates at Shanhai Pass.\n\nUnder the Qing dynasty (1644–1911), whose territory spanned both sides of the Ming wall, the structure served mainly to control internal migration and was largely neglected. During this time, Western fascination with the Wall grew, often leading to exaggerated accounts and myths (like being visible from the moon).\n\nIn modern China (1912–present), the Great Wall transformed into a potent national symbol, representing Chinese endurance and resistance, particularly during the Sino-Japanese War. Despite attacks on its symbolism during revolutionary moments and physical damage during the Cultural Revolution, recent decades have seen major restoration efforts (like the \"Love our China and restore our Great Wall\" campaign) and its designation as a UNESCO World Heritage site in 1987. It remains a major tourist attraction but faces ongoing challenges regarding preservation and commercialization."
}
```

📍 Step 4
👍 Eval: Success - I successfully extracted the summary of the history of the Great Wall of China from the Wikipedia page.
🧠 Memory: Started the task to find the history of the Great Wall of China. Searched Google, navigated to the Wikipedia page, and extracted a summary of the history. 1/1 website analyzed.
🎯 Next goal: Complete the task by providing the extracted summary of the history of the Great Wall of China.
🛠️  Action 1/1: {"done":{"text":"The history of the Great Wall of China spans millennia, beginning with fortifications built by various states during the Spring and Autumn (771–476 BC) and Warring States (475–221 BC) periods. These early walls were mainly for defense against neighboring states and northern nomadic groups.\n\nThe first emperor, Qin Shi Huang (Qin dynasty, 221–206 BC), connected many existing northern walls after unifying China to defend against the Xiongnu nomads.\nThe Han dynasty (206 BC–220 AD) extended fortifications westward to protect the Silk Road.\n\nWall-building continued sporadically during subsequent dynasties like the Northern Wei, Northern Qi, and Sui. The Tang dynasty (618–907) favored military strategies over walls.\n\nThe Liao, Western Xia, and Jin dynasties (907–1234) also built extensive wall systems.\n\nThe most extensive building phase occurred during the Ming dynasty (1368–1644), constructing the massive stone and brick fortifications widely recognized today, primarily against Mongol threats. Despite its scale, the Wall failed to prevent the Manchus from taking power in 1644.\n\nUnder the Qing dynasty (1644–1911), the wall was largely neglected.\n\nIn modern China (1912–present), the Great Wall became a national symbol. It was designated a UNESCO World Heritage site in 1987 and is now a major tourist attraction, facing ongoing preservation challenges.","success":true}}
📄 Result: The history of the Great Wall of China spans millennia, beginning with fortifications built by various states during the Spring and Autumn (771–476 BC) and Warring States (475–221 BC) periods. These early walls were mainly for defense against neighboring states and northern nomadic groups.

The first emperor, Qin Shi Huang (Qin dynasty, 221–206 BC), connected many existing northern walls after unifying China to defend against the Xiongnu nomads.
The Han dynasty (206 BC–220 AD) extended fortifications westward to protect the Silk Road.

Wall-building continued sporadically during subsequent dynasties like the Northern Wei, Northern Qi, and Sui. The Tang dynasty (618–907) favored military strategies over walls.

The Liao, Western Xia, and Jin dynasties (907–1234) also built extensive wall systems.

The most extensive building phase occurred during the Ming dynasty (1368–1644), constructing the massive stone and brick fortifications widely recognized today, primarily against Mongol threats. Despite its scale, the Wall failed to prevent the Manchus from taking power in 1644.

Under the Qing dynasty (1644–1911), the wall was largely neglected.

In modern China (1912–present), the Great Wall became a national symbol. It was designated a UNESCO World Heritage site in 1987 and is now a major tourist attraction, facing ongoing preservation challenges.
✅ Task completed
✅ Successfully
