🧠 Starting an agent with main_model=anonymized, planner_model=anonymized, extraction_model=anonymized
🚀 Starting task: How do I reset my browser on Chrome?
📍 Step 1
🤷 Eval: Unknown - I am just starting the task and have an empty page. No previous goals to evaluate yet.
🧠 Memory: I am starting with a task to find information on how to reset a Chrome browser. I am currently on an empty page (about:blank) and need to search for this information.
🎯 Next goal: Search Google for information on how to reset Chrome browser
🛠️  Action 1/1: {"search_google":{"query":"how to reset chrome browser"}}
🔍  Searched for "how to reset chrome browser" in Google
📍 Step 2
👍 Eval: Success - I successfully searched for 'how to reset chrome browser' in Google and now have several relevant search results with instructions.
🧠 Memory: I'm researching how to reset a Chrome browser. I've searched Google and found several promising results including official Google Help pages and other tutorials. The main methods seem to be: 1) Using Chrome's built-in reset feature through Settings, or 2) Completely resetting by deleting Chrome's user data folder.
🎯 Next goal: Click on the official Google Help article to get detailed instructions on how to reset Chrome
🛠️  Action 1/1: {}
📍 Step 3
👍 Eval: Success - I successfully searched for 'how to reset chrome browser' in Google and can now see several relevant search results with instructions from different sources.
🧠 Memory: I'm researching how to reset a Chrome browser. I've searched Google and found several promising results on the first page including official Google Help pages, Xfinity support, a YouTube tutorial, and a Reddit thread. The main reset methods appear to be: 1) Using Chrome's built-in reset feature through Settings > Reset settings, 2) Completely resetting by deleting Chrome's User Data folder. I'll click on the official Google Help article first to get the authoritative instructions.
🎯 Next goal: Click on the official Google Help article 'Reset Chrome settings to default' to get detailed instructions
🛠️  Action 1/1: {"click_element_by_index":{"index":34}}
🖱️  Clicked button with index 34: Reset Chrome settings to default
📍 Step 4
👍 Eval: Success - I successfully clicked on the Google Help article about resetting Chrome settings and now have detailed instructions on how to do it.
🧠 Memory: I'm researching how to reset a Chrome browser. I searched Google and clicked on the official Google Help article. I'm now viewing detailed instructions on how to reset Chrome settings to default. The article explains the full process: 1) Open Chrome, 2) Click More (three dots) > Settings, 3) Select 'Reset settings' > 'Restore settings to their original defaults' > 'Reset settings'. It also clarifies that this process won't delete bookmarks or passwords, but will reset search engine settings, homepage, tabs, content settings, cookies, and extensions.
🎯 Next goal: Complete the task by providing the full instructions on how to reset Chrome browser
🛠️  Action 1/1: {"done":{"text":"To reset your browser on Chrome, follow these steps:\n\n1. On your computer, open Chrome.\n2. At the top right, click the three dots (More) icon, then select 'Settings'.\n3. Scroll down and select 'Reset settings'.\n4. Click 'Restore settings to their original defaults'.\n5. Click the 'Reset settings' button in the confirmation dialog.\n\nImportant notes:\n- Your saved bookmarks and passwords won't be deleted or changed during this process.\n- This reset will change: default search engine, homepage and tabs, new tab page settings, pinned tabs, content settings, cookies and site data, and extensions/themes.\n- This is not a full reset. Some settings like fonts or accessibility won't be deleted.\n- For a more complete reset, you can create a new user profile in Chrome.","success":true}}
📄 Result: To reset your browser on Chrome, follow these steps:

1. On your computer, open Chrome.
2. At the top right, click the three dots (More) icon, then select 'Settings'.
3. Scroll down and select 'Reset settings'.
4. Click 'Restore settings to their original defaults'.
5. Click the 'Reset settings' button in the confirmation dialog.

Important notes:
- Your saved bookmarks and passwords won't be deleted or changed during this process.
- This reset will change: default search engine, homepage and tabs, new tab page settings, pinned tabs, content settings, cookies and site data, and extensions/themes.
- This is not a full reset. Some settings like fonts or accessibility won't be deleted.
- For a more complete reset, you can create a new user profile in Chrome.
✅ Task completed
✅ Successfully
